- I was a beta tester for Microsoft
and their Microsoft Money product back in the '90s,
and I've also been using Quicken
for more than 20 years as a consumer.
And also while I was in the technology industry,
I worked as a tech consultant at Accenture,
Accidenture, no, no, Accenture
and when (chuckles) I worked at Accenture,
I helped our client at the time,
which was NationsBank, which is now part
of Bank of America, I helped Bank of America export
bank-related files into the Quicken format in the '90s.
Yes, I am that old, right, and so, separately,
since I'm always careful about your security,
if you wanna manage your expenses
with software, Quicken is the way to go.
I think it's secure if you run it only
on your computer place, okay, so, I'm gonna show you
a demo of Quicken on a PC in this lesson, okay?
And if you're using a Mac, just skip to the next lesson
please, and before we chat about Quicken,
a higher end version of Quicken that I use
and absolutely love is called QuickBooks
and it's so awesome because I set it up
to do everything for me businesswise,
including automatically importing all credit card statements
and bank account information, and QuickBooks
is so awesome because it automatically pays my employees
and automatically sends all federal and state taxes
to the tax government agencies
and it also automatically submits all payroll tax forms,
et cetera, to the right government agencies.
And at the end of the year, my accountant
gets a copy of my secure QuickBooks file
and then files my company's taxes.
Now, I don't mind putting some of my business data
on the internet but just not my personal stuff.
And so in my hands here, I'm holding
Quicken for Windows and then there's
this Quicken for Mac here as well.
If use the Mac only, again, skip this lecture
and I'm gonna go into much more detail
on how to use this and so, here's a demo here
of Quicken for Windows, okay, you can even track
the value of your house if you live in certain places
and if your house is listed on zillow.com.